hey everyone it's ed I'm CEO over at
Kwanzaa and welcome to week eight of the
quanta challenge it's jus 19 2015 a
little after one p.m. eastern time so
let's dig into the portfolio here we
have a look at our total positions
throughout the entire quantity on so far
including the two positions we open last
week the long call in the long put in
addition it's been a very busy week
because we had so many options expiring
we were able to close out of positions
of six different positions we had these
are positions where at least one of the
legs was going to be dealt with because
it was in the money but the entire
position couldn't be let to left to
expire you can see we definitely got hit
up on TD Ameritrade and American rail
cars definitely worked against us as
well as a call in bru we did make some
money on the the call we have merit
medical which is great that was the
first position we opened way back in
week 1 and the the some of the other
positions we had were able to kind of
eat get a little bit of a gain in again
liquidity kind of hurt us on these
positions especially because we went in
at a market position and then when we
closed out we were able to salvage some
of that but for the most part not as
good as we could have done and of course
a reminder that every one of these
positions we open had we not opened with
a market position we would have opened
with with a limit where we could shave
the pricing it's highly recommended to
do that because every one of these
trades would have performed better had
we done that now at the same time we
have four positions that are still
technically open but we're going to let
expire these are all positions that are
either three of them are entirely are
entirely positive for us and one of them
is entirely negative so in that case you
know we can either let the positions
expire or we can let them get assigned
and cancel out but either way we
consider those trades to all expire and
we will keep an eye on those through the
end of the day but so far they all look
pretty clear to be both in the money or
both out of the money now let's take a
look at the performance it's May first
it's been a good week for the market
relative to the the first seven weeks of
the challenge the ESPYs up 30 basis
points of the dow is up 20 Nasdaq's had
some some good movement continued upward
it's up two point three percent now
since May first now if we open this
portfolio using the same risk basis for
all our trades we would be down 40 basis
points and if you take a look at our
cash last position of the portfolio are
up six point three percent but as I
mentioned over and over again that's not
really a great way to measure where you
are standing in an options portfolio so
we use the market open position so
that's where we take the cash where we
are and we take any of the positions
we're currently open and compare them to
how what we would have gotten had we had
to open them again today and in that
case we are up two and a half percent
this significant drop from last week
unfortunately a lot of that has to do
with the liquidity hits we took on
closing out the positions as well as
many of the positions we were in kind of
just operating against us but that's the
nature of investing and that's what
we're here for so we are slightly ahead
of the market which is something to be
happy about and we'll see where things
go over the next week so let's dig into
this week's trades will take a look at
Zacks bowl of the day which is g3
apparel recently trading at sixty nine
dollars and forty-nine cents a share
they manufacture apparel for major
brands and they also operate retail
stores and they own a bunch of the
brands as well a lot of in a lot of ways
they could be considered the king of
retail is called out in these acts
articles supporting this bull the day
call they are aggressively pursuing some
new licensing deals and joint ventures
and they recently had a joint venture
that looks very promising for them
including some great terms for the next
five years down in Mexico and their most
recent earnings call reported fifteen
cents a share which beat the consensus
by eight cents so they more than doubled
the earnings expected per share and as
part of this whole push they've been
able to raise their fy15 guidance to
over two dollars and sixty-six cents a
share from a original call of 253 to 263
a share so let's head on out to quanta
and see if we could find a good trade
for g3 apparel as we take a look at the
availability we can see that they're the
closest expiration we have to work with
is in mid-july and since we're closing
out the campaign next week we'll just go
ahead and work with that and again since
we have a one-week period that we're
dealing with the liquidity here doesn't
seem to be great from what we checked on
and so kind of we've got some big ranges
to work with and as a result I think
we'll probably want to stick
with some single leg options probably
just the long calls in these case and
then we will give ourselves will knock
out the budget and just see what our
minimum position is that we can enter
and we will give ourselves a moderately
bullish view to look at and we can see
here the best position that we probably
get into is this long call at 560 a
share so let's click through and take a
look at it we can see not looking like a
lot of opportunity here but we are just
holding this really as a proxy for
owning the stock for the next week so
we'll go ahead and place this trade now
out on the trade of your site we're
going to step in and choose that we open
with market and for the day will preview
the order and is expected we're going to
see about probably five dollars 60 we
assume we'll get the ask and we'll
submit that will give it a second to
fill and we can see it filled at 560 it
expected so now let's take a look at
zacks bearer the day it's to me which is
recently trading at 21 dot 57 cents a
share they sell travel business and
lifestyle products and accessories in
the past earnings report they announced
that their direct to consumer channels
had dropped by four point six percent
and the recent change to the full-year
outlook also dropped to a range of
ninety to ninety-five cents a share from
earlier guidance of 93 to 98 cents so
let's pick up where we left off in
kwacha and see if we can find a nice
bearish trade for to me we'll take a
look and again we're we're dealing with
only the July expiration so we'll just
work with that and if we take a look at
the options we have kind of similar to
what we have with g3 before mostly
everything's in the money we do have one
out of the money on each side though
we're going to go back to the search
results and if we take a look at the
stock we've got we'll go with one trade
again here we'll move ourselves down to
have a moderately bearish view on the
stock over that time frame and we can
see there's a probably going to go long
put just because we're keeping that
single leg in place so we don't get to
to hurt on the liquidity when we go to
close out these positions next week and
so we've got to put that's right right
in the money
it's probably the best trade we can make
at this point so let's go ahead and
choose to analyze that we could take a
look the break-even here is $21 so
that's not too much movement downward
it's a little over half percent or a
little over five percent downward and so
you know I think we're going to kind of
make the best we can out of this and
let's let's go ahead and lace the trade
we'll set up for a market order for the
day we're just going to open one will
preview that it's a low risk and we will
submit it and we'll give it a second to
fill here and now we have our put and
there you have it here's our closing
portfolio at the end of week eight we've
got positions in four stocks we've got
two calls and two puts and we'll be
closing everything out next week so come
back and check in for the thrilling
conclusion of the quanta and as always
if you have any questions or feedback
please hit us up at hello at quanzhou
calm or post a comment in the section
below